I think we got to talk about this graph.
So this is uh the number of searches
performed by US desktop searchers
uh on YouTube, Reddit and Pinterest.
YouTube in blue, Reddit in red,
Pinterest in green. If you look back to
last year, April, May, June of last
year, and then you compare that to
April, May, June of this year, Pinterest
has doubled the number of searches per
searcher that happen on its platform.
and YouTube has nearly tripled them at
at least from the early part of that uh
quarter. This is that is wild. Chat GPT
and uh you know Perplexity and Gemini
and um Claude have grown, you know, in
the 30 to 50% range, but this is this is
3x grow. This is this is just absolutely
massive amounts of searches per searcher
growth on these. And here's another note
from the report that I want you to take
a look at. Do you see this? 70%
near 75%. So this is suggesting this is
suggesting that YouTube is visited by
3/4 of all American desktop browsers
which is uh more than twice as much as
if you go up to the AI tools. It's it's
way up here. I won't I won't I won't try
to uh go in there.
uh if you look at the compare the AI
tools versus the
um what's happening on these content
platforms you are you are seeing numbers
that suggest that if Google is losing
searches per searcher which it looked
like they were in um in the last quarter
in Q2 it looked like they were down a
little bit maybe five to seven searches
per searcher
you might theorize that Who's actually
taking that share is YouTube, Reddit,
and Pinterest.
Probably Tik Tok as well. Tik Tok, it's
mostly mobile, so it's not in this
desktop report. Rather than Chat GBT,
Perplexity,
Gemini,
um, Claude, I I I don't have the data to
prove this definitively. It's it's that
would be hard to prove, but the
correlation is absolutely there. And it
also suggests that whe whether you're in
the US or EU UK, right? You can see
these these numbers are uh similarly
wildly growing in in that uh geography.
You should if you're thinking about, oh,
I'm doing AIO, AE, EO, LLM, AO,
G, whatever. E I E IO. You should
probably be doing Reddit EO and YouTube
and Pinterest EO.
Search happens everywhere and you should
probably be doing search everywhere
optimization.